bats: add page (#12326)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bats.md

# bats

> > Bash Automated Testing System is a TAP (https://testanything.org/) compliant testing framework for Bash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Bash Automated Testing System is a TAP (<https://testanything.org/>) compliant testing framework for Bash.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Bash Automated Testing System: a TAP (<https://testanything.org/>) compliant testing framework for Bash.
```
Just for consistency with other pages.

> > Bash Automated Testing System is a [TAP](https://testanything.org/)-compliant testing framework for Bash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Bash Automated Testing System is a TAP-compliant testing framework for Bash.
```
Unfortunately, our clients don't support this rendering of links. Alternatively you can list it inside brackets.

```suggestion
> Bash Automated Testing System is a TAP (https://testanything.org/) compliant testing framework for Bash.
```

Reviewer: > Why not in angled brackets "<>" as in the more information links?

Yeah, This should be enclosed inside an angle bracket. I forgot to add it while making the suggestion.

> > More information: <https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://bats-core.readthedocs.io/en/stable/usage.html>.
```
Always search for the project documentation. The priority is:
1. Official documentation
2. Official VCS (Version Control System, e.g. GitHub) link, if the README contain at least some examples
3. manned.org man page link

> - Run BATS tests in test script and output results in TAP (Test Anything Protocol) format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run tests in a BATS test script and output results in the TAP (Test Anything Protocol) format:
```
I think this wording is less confusing.

Or even:
```suggestion
- Run a BATS test script and output results in the TAP (Test Anything Protocol) format:
```

`bats --tap {{path/to/test.bats}}`

> - Count test cases without running any tests in the test script:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Count test cases of a test script without running any tests:
```

`bats --count {{path/to/test.bats}}`

> - Run BATS tests in test scripts of a directory and subdirectories with file extension `.bats`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run tests in BATS test scripts of a directory and subdirectories with file extension `.bats`:
```

Reviewer 3: I can't say I would be able to understand the original or the revised version of this command.

Maybe something more like:

```suggestion
- Run BATS test cases contained in a directory and subdirectories with file extension `.bats`:
```

> - Run BATS test cases contained in a directory and subdirectories with file extension `.bats`:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Run BATS test cases contained in a directory and its subdirectories (files with a `.bats` extension):
```

`bats --recursive {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Run BATS tests in test script and output results in desired format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Output results in a specific format:
```
